=pod

=head1 NAME

infobot.users - User accounts database for infobot

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  # Please edit to your needs.
  # "local" is used for CLI mode
  # Passwords can be generated with mkpasswd in linux

  _default
  --FLAGS		amrt
  --HOSTS		*!*@*

  local
  --FLAGS		Aemnorst
  --HOSTS		local!local@local
  --PASS		xxfxfIfoJHdYg

  timriker
  --FLAGS		Aemnorst
  --HOSTS		*!~timr@TimRiker.active.supporter.pdpc
  --PASS		xxfxfIfoJHdYg

  xk
  --FLAGS		emnorst
  --HOSTS		*!xk@example.com
  --HOSTS		*!xk@superbox.home.org
  --PASS		5K/rmJPzwxJhU

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This file controls who has access to use your infobot.

=head1 FIELDS

There are various fields allowed in your file. Whitespace is ignored, and as
usual, any line starting with a C<#> is treated as a comment.

The first non whitespace/comment line in your file, is the user name for the
account you are about to define. Take note that a special username called
C<_default>, is meant to define what everyone who doesnt have an account in this
file should use for permissions.

Also, the special user name C<local>, is used when you run the bot in B<CLI>
mode (console only, no B<IRC> connection). As well, the C<local> user requires a
special hostmask of S<I<local!local@local>>.

Below is a list of the valid options available for each user account.

=over

=item B<--FLAGS>

This field is a list of possible flags that this account has. Think of them as
similar to irc user modes (although, with different meanings).

Here is a list of the current flags available, and their meanings:

I<Note: Modes flags are case sensitive>

=over

=item *

B<A> - bot administration over /msg (default is only via DCC CHAT)

=item *

B<O> - dynamic ops (as on channel). (automatic +o)

=item *

B<T> - add topics.

=item *

B<a> - ask/request factoid.

=item *

B<m> - modify factoid. (includes renaming)

=item *

B<n> - bot owner, can "reload"

=item *

B<o> - master of bot (automatic +amrt). 

=over

=item *

Can search on factoid strings shorter than 2 chars

=item *

Can tell bot to join new channels

=item *

Can [un]lock factoids

=back

=item *

B<r> - remove factoid.

=item *

B<t> - teach/add factoid.

=item *

B<s> - Bypass +silent on channels

=back

=item B<--HOSTS>

This field is used to specify a hostmask that a user must appear from for the
bot to consider them to be this specific account definition.

This hostmask takes the form of: I<nick!user@hostname>

I<Note: You can have this field multiple times>

=item B<--PASS>

This field used a C<crypt> formated password, that is used for B<DCC> chats to
the bot, or if you need to identify yourself to the bot in the event that you
come from a different host.

You can generate one using the C<mkpasswd> command, available on most systems.

For example:

 infobot@myhost:~$ mkpasswd
 Password: test
 GVrl9PMBB0gpw

You can also change your password at anytime by sending the bot a C<chpass>
command on B<IRC>. 

=back

=head1 BUGS

At some point, it is likely that the C<local> account will be removed and
implied to have full access.

=cut

